because I enlisted in the marine corps fifty years ago now it's been,
the pay scales back then were much lower. So you had it basically enough
just to take care of a clothing maybe save up enough to go home
for Christmas on a plane or something. But all everything else too
provided by the marine corps, that is they gave you food every day they
give you a place to live you give your clothes to wear, so you didn't
need much money. Then you know you got more and more senior you
got better pay. You certainly did not make his mouth when you enlisted
to support a family but that's changed now. People who list today
can support a family very early on in their careers. They used to
say in the marine corps of if the marine corps wanted you to have a
spouse they would have issued you want in your seabag. And they didn't
do that. But now the progression up to the senior ranks of the either
enlisted or the commission officer ranks, very good pay all the
way up in good allowances for housing and the like.